annexB/language/comments/multi-line-html-close.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `>` at (26, 4) to (26, 5)
annexB/language/comments/multi-line-html-close.js (default)
  Unexpected token `>` at (26, 4) to (26, 5)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close-asi.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `>` at (27, 2) to (27, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close-asi.js (default)
  Unexpected token `>` at (27, 2) to (27, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close-unicode-separators.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `>` at (37, 2) to (37, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close-unicode-separators.js (default)
  Unexpected token `>` at (37, 2) to (37, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `>` at (25, 2) to (25, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-close.js (default)
  Unexpected token `>` at (25, 2) to (25, 3)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-open.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `!`, expected the token `>` at (22, 1) to (22, 2)
annexB/language/comments/single-line-html-open.js (default)
  Unexpected token `!`, expected the token `>` at (22, 1) to (22, 2)
annexB/language/statements/for-in/nonstrict-initializer.js (default)
  Invalid left-hand side in for-in at (11, 7) to (11, 24)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-element.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (14, 19) to (14, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-element.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (14, 19) to (14, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-matched.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (26, 19) to (26, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-matched.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (26, 19) to (26, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-non-unicode-match.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (34, 53) to (34, 54)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-non-unicode-match.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (34, 53) to (34, 54)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-properties.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (16, 19) to (16, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-properties.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (16, 19) to (16, 20)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unicode-match.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (42, 54) to (42, 55)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unicode-match.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (42, 54) to (42, 55)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unicode-property-names.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (11, 39) to (11, 40)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unicode-property-names.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (11, 39) to (11, 40)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unmatched.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (25, 20) to (25, 21)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array-unmatched.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (25, 20) to (25, 21)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (13, 16) to (13, 17)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-array.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (13, 16) to (13, 17)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object-undefined.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (19, 15) to (19, 16)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object-undefined.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (19, 15) to (19, 16)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object-unmatched.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (17, 30) to (17, 31)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object-unmatched.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (17, 30) to (17, 31)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (24, 24) to (24, 25)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-object.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (24, 24) to (24, 25)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-properties.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (18, 67) to (18, 68)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-groups-properties.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'du' at (18, 67) to (18, 68)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-property.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (24, 16) to (24, 17)
built-ins/RegExp/match-indices/indices-property.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (24, 16) to (24, 17)
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_F-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_F-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_F.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_F.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Invalid-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Invalid-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Invalid.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Invalid.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_N-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_N-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_N.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_N.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_No-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_No-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_No.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_No.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_T-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_T-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_T.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_T.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Y-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Y-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Y.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Y.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Yes-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Yes-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Yes.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/binary-property-with-value-ASCII_-_Yes.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-end.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-end.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-no-dash-end.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-no-dash-end.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-no-dash-start.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-no-dash-start.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-start.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/character-class-range-start.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Block-implicit-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Block-implicit-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Block-implicit.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Block-implicit.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-implicit-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-implicit-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-implicit.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-implicit.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-In-prefix-Script.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-Is-prefix-Script-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-Is-prefix-Script-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-Is-prefix-Script.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-Is-prefix-Script.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-circumflex-negation-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-circumflex-negation-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-circumflex-negation.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-circumflex-negation.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-empty-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-empty-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-empty.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-empty.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-invalid-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-invalid-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-invalid.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-invalid.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-value-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-value-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-value.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces-value.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-no-braces.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-and-value-only-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-and-value-only-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-and-value-only.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-and-value-only.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-only-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-only-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-only.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator-only.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-separator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unclosed-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unclosed-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unclosed.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unclosed.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unopened-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unopened-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unopened.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/grammar-extension-unopened.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-01-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-01-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-01.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-01.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-02-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-02-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-02.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-02.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-03-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-03-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-03.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-03.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-04-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-04-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-04.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-04.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-05-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-05-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-05.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-05.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-06-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-06-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-06.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-06.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-07-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-07-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-07.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-07.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-08-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-08-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-08.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-08.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-09-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-09-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-09.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-09.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-10-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-10-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-10.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-10.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-11-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-11-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-11.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-11.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-12-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-12-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-12.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-12.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-13-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-13-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-13.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-13.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-14-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-14-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-14.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/loose-matching-14.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-equals-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-equals-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-equals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-equals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-General_Category.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-equals-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-equals-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-equals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-equals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-equals-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-equals-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-equals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-equals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-binary-property-without-value-Script_Extensions.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-binary-property-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-binary-property-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-binary-property.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-binary-property.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-and-value-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-and-value-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-and-value.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-and-value.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-existing-value-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-existing-value-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-existing-value.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-existing-value.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-General_Category-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-General_Category-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script_Extensions-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script_Extensions-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script_Extensions.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-Script_Extensions.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-general-category.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/non-existent-property-value-general-category.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Composition_Exclusion-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Composition_Exclusion-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Composition_Exclusion.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Composition_Exclusion.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFC-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFC-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFC.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFC.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFD-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFD-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKC-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKC-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKC.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKC.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKD-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKD-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Expands_On_NFKD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-FC_NFKC_Closure-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-FC_NFKC_Closure-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-FC_NFKC_Closure.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-FC_NFKC_Closure.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Full_Composition_Exclusion-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Full_Composition_Exclusion-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Full_Composition_Exclusion.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Full_Composition_Exclusion.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Grapheme_Link-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Grapheme_Link-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Grapheme_Link.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Grapheme_Link.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Hyphen-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Hyphen-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Hyphen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Hyphen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Alphabetic-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Alphabetic-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Alphabetic.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Alphabetic.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Grapheme_Extend-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Grapheme_Extend-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Grapheme_Extend.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Grapheme_Extend.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Continue-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Continue-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Continue.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Continue.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Start-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Start-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Start.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_ID_Start.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Lowercase-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Lowercase-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Lowercase.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Lowercase.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Math-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Math-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Math.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Math.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Uppercase-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Uppercase-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Uppercase.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Other_Uppercase.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Prepended_Concatenation_Mark-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Prepended_Concatenation_Mark-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Prepended_Concatenation_Mark.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-binary-property-Prepended_Concatenation_Mark.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Block-with-value-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Block-with-value-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Block-with-value.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Block-with-value.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-FC_NFKC_Closure-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-FC_NFKC_Closure-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-FC_NFKC_Closure.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-FC_NFKC_Closure.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-with-value-negated.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-with-value-negated.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-with-value.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break-with-value.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/property-escapes/unsupported-property-Line_Break.js (default)
  Missing parse error
built-ins/RegExp/prototype/flags/this-val-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (33, 21) to (33, 22)
built-ins/RegExp/prototype/flags/this-val-regexp.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (33, 21) to (33, 22)
built-ins/RegExp/prototype/hasIndices/this-val-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (25, 21) to (25, 22)
built-ins/RegExp/prototype/hasIndices/this-val-regexp.js (default)
  Invalid flags supplied to RegExp constructor 'd' at (25, 21) to (25, 22)
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/fn-scope-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-declaration-attempt-to-redeclare-with-var-declaration-nested-in-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-declaration-attempt-to-redeclare-with-var-declaration-nested-in-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/inner-block-var-redeclaration-attempt-after-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/block-scope/syntax/redeclaration/var-redeclaration-attempt-after-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/dstr/syntax-error-ident-ref-let-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/params-duplicate.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/syntax/early-errors/arrowparameters-cover-no-duplicates.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/syntax/early-errors/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/arrow-function/syntax/early-errors/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignment/dstr/syntax-error-ident-ref-let-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/direct-arrowfunction-1.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/direct-arrowfunction-1.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/direct-asyncarrowfunction-1.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/direct-asyncarrowfunction-1.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/parenthesized-primaryexpression-objectliteral.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/assignmenttargettype/parenthesized-primaryexpression-objectliteral.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-ident-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-ident-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-nested-arrow-body-position.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-nested-arrow-body-position.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-rest-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/await-as-param-rest-nested-arrow-parameter-position.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-await-in-formals-default.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-await-in-formals-default.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-await-in-formals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-await-in-formals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-duplicate-parameters.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-formals-body-duplicate.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/early-errors-arrow-formals-body-duplicate.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-arrow-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/early-errors-expression-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/early-errors-expression-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/named-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-function/nameless-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-body-duplicate-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-contains-await-expr.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/early-errors-expression-formals-contains-await-expr.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/named-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/async-generator/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/async-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-await-escaped-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-await-escaped-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-await-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-await-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-let-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-let-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-static-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-static-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-yield-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/class-name-ident-yield-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-accessors-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 13) to (40, 14)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-accessors-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 13) to (40, 14)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-fields-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-fields-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-fields-methods-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/cpn-class-expr-fields-methods-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/expressions/class/elements/arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/equality-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/equality-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/fields-asi-same-line-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/fields-asi-same-line-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/nested-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field-assigned.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `=`, expected an identifier at (25, 9) to (25, 10)
language/expressions/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field-assigned.js (default)
  Unexpected token `=`, expected an identifier at (25, 9) to (25, 10)
language/expressions/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;`, expected an identifier at (25, 8) to (25, 9)
language/expressions/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;`, expected an identifier at (25, 8) to (25, 9)
language/expressions/class/elements/static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-ctor-super-no-heritage.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-ctor-super-no-heritage.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-gen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-gen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-meth.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-meth.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-gen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-gen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-get.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-get.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-set.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-set.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-gen-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-gen-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-gen-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-gen-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-get-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-get-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-set-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-set-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/elements/typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/class/static-init-await-reference.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/class/static-init-await-reference.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-enumeration-abrupt.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (37, 31) to (37, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-enumeration-abrupt.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (37, 31) to (37, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-enumeration.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (60, 31) to (60, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-enumeration.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (60, 31) to (60, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-non-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (39, 40) to (39, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-non-object.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (39, 40) to (39, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-undefined.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (29, 35) to (29, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-undefined.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (29, 35) to (29, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-value-abrupt.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (28, 31) to (28, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-value-abrupt.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (28, 31) to (28, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-value-non-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (38, 40) to (38, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-assert-value-non-string.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (38, 40) to (38, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-await-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 40) to (16, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-await-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 40) to (16, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-await-ident.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (17, 31) to (17, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-await-ident.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (17, 31) to (17, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-abrupt-return.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (21, 29) to (21, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-abrupt-return.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (21, 29) to (21, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-abrupt-throw.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (25, 29) to (25, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-abrupt-throw.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (25, 29) to (25, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-sequence.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 24) to (20, 25)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-evaluation-sequence.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 24) to (20, 25)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-get-assert-error.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 31) to (30, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-get-assert-error.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 31) to (30, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-in.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 46) to (16, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-in.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 46) to (16, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-non-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 40) to (32, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-non-object.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 40) to (32, 41)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-trailing-comma-fulfill.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 31) to (16, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-trailing-comma-fulfill.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 31) to (16, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-trailing-comma-reject.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 48) to (18, 49)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-trailing-comma-reject.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 48) to (18, 49)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-yield-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 43) to (18, 44)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-yield-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 43) to (18, 44)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/2nd-param-yield-ident-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (17, 31) to (17, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/escape-sequence-import.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/dynamic-import/escape-sequence-import.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-assignment-expression-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 41) to (30, 42)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-assignment-expression-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 41) to (30, 42)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-assignment-expression-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 41) to (30, 42)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-assignment-expression-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 41) to (30, 42)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-arrow-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-await-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-await-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-await-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-await-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-return-await-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 46) to (30, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-return-await-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 46) to (30, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-return-await-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 46) to (30, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-arrow-function-return-await-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 46) to (30, 47)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-await-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-await-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-await-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-await-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-return-await-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 42) to (31, 43)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-return-await-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 42) to (31, 43)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-return-await-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 42) to (31, 43)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-return-await-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 42) to (31, 43)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-function-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-gen-await-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-gen-await-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-gen-await-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-async-gen-await-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 35) to (31, 36)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-labeled-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-labeled-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-labeled-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-labeled-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-block-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-do-while-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-do-while-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-do-while-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-do-while-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-braceless-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 34) to (32, 35)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-braceless-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 34) to (32, 35)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-braceless-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 34) to (32, 35)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-braceless-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (32, 34) to (32, 35)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-else-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-return-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 36) to (31, 37)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-return-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 36) to (31, 37)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-return-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 36) to (31, 37)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-return-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 36) to (31, 37)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-function-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-braceless-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 37) to (30, 38)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-braceless-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 37) to (30, 38)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-braceless-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 37) to (30, 38)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-braceless-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 37) to (30, 38)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-if-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-while-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-while-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-while-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-while-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (33, 29) to (33, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-with-expression-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 33) to (30, 34)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-with-expression-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (30, 33) to (30, 34)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-with-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/nested-with-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (31, 29) to (31, 30)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/top-level-trailing-comma-first.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 27) to (20, 28)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/top-level-trailing-comma-first.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 27) to (20, 28)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/top-level-trailing-comma-second.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 27) to (20, 28)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/syntax/valid/top-level-trailing-comma-second.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (20, 27) to (20, 28)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/trailing-comma-fulfill.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 31) to (16, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/trailing-comma-fulfill.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (16, 31) to (16, 32)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/trailing-comma-reject.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 48) to (18, 49)
language/expressions/dynamic-import/trailing-comma-reject.js (default)
  Unexpected token `,`, expected the token `)` at (18, 48) to (18, 49)
language/expressions/function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/static-init-await-binding.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/function/static-init-await-binding.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/function/static-init-await-reference.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/function/static-init-await-reference.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/function/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/function/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/named-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/static-init-await-binding.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/generators/static-init-await-binding.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/generators/static-init-await-reference.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/generators/static-init-await-reference.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/generators/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/generators/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/import-meta-is-an-ordinary-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `import` at (37, 8) to (37, 14)
language/expressions/import.meta/import-meta-is-an-ordinary-object.js (default)
  Unexpected token `import` at (37, 8) to (37, 14)
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/escape-sequence-import.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/escape-sequence-import.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/goal-script.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/goal-script.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/invalid-assignment-target-object-destructuring-expr.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/invalid-assignment-target-object-destructuring-expr.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/invalid-assignment-target-object-rest-destructuring-expr.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/import.meta/syntax/invalid-assignment-target-object-rest-destructuring-expr.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-accessor-shadowed.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (35, 15) to (35, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-accessor-shadowed.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (35, 15) to (35, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-accessor.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-accessor.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-field-shadowed.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 15) to (27, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-field-shadowed.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 15) to (27, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-field.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (21, 11) to (21, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-field.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (21, 11) to (21, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-method-shadowed.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (35, 15) to (35, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-method-shadowed.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (35, 15) to (35, 16)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-method.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-presence-method.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-await-absent.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (31, 11) to (31, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-await-absent.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (31, 11) to (31, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-await-present.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-await-present.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (27, 11) to (27, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-non-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (41, 6) to (41, 7)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-non-object.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (41, 6) to (41, 7)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-unresolvable.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (20, 6) to (20, 7)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-unresolvable.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (20, 6) to (20, 7)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-yield-present.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (26, 11) to (26, 12)
language/expressions/in/private-field-rhs-yield-present.js (default)
  Unexpected token `#`, expected an identifier at (26, 11) to (26, 12)
language/expressions/new.target/escaped-new.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/new.target/escaped-new.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/__proto__-duplicate.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/__proto__-duplicate.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/cpn-obj-lit-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (29, 9) to (29, 10)
language/expressions/object/cpn-obj-lit-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (29, 9) to (29, 10)
language/expressions/object/ident-name-prop-name-literal-await-static-init.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/ident-name-prop-name-literal-await-static-init.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/identifier-shorthand-let-invalid-strict-mode.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/identifier-shorthand-static-init-await-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/identifier-shorthand-static-init-await-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/literal-property-name-bigint.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected bigint, expected an identifier at (31, 10) to (31, 29)
language/expressions/object/literal-property-name-bigint.js (default)
  Unexpected bigint, expected an identifier at (31, 10) to (31, 29)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-gen-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/async-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-async-method-duplicate-parameters.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-await-in-formals-default.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-await-in-formals-default.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-await-in-formals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-await-in-formals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/early-errors-object-method-duplicate-parameters.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/gen-yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-param-redecl-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-param-redecl-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-param-redecl-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-param-redecl-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/generator-use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/meth-rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/name-param-redecl.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/name-param-redecl.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/setter-use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/setter-use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-accessor.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-accessor.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-generator.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-generator.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-normal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-binding-normal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-accessor.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-accessor.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-generator.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-generator.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-normal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/static-init-await-reference-normal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/expressions/object/method-definition/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/object/method-definition/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/optional-chaining/call-expression.js (strict mode)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (31, 39) to (31, 41)
language/expressions/optional-chaining/call-expression.js (default)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (31, 39) to (31, 41)
language/expressions/optional-chaining/member-expression.js (strict mode)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (63, 36) to (63, 38)
language/expressions/optional-chaining/member-expression.js (default)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (63, 36) to (63, 38)
language/expressions/optional-chaining/super-property-optional-call.js (strict mode)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (24, 18) to (24, 20)
language/expressions/optional-chaining/super-property-optional-call.js (default)
  An optional chain may not be used in a `new` expression. at (24, 18) to (24, 20)
language/expressions/tagged-template/invalid-escape-sequences.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token ILLEGAL at (31, 4) to (31, 5)
language/expressions/tagged-template/invalid-escape-sequences.js (default)
  Unexpected token ILLEGAL at (31, 4) to (31, 5)
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence-8.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence-8.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence-9.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence-9.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/expressions/template-literal/invalid-legacy-octal-escape-sequence.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/implements-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/interface-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/let-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/package-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/private-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/protected-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/public-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/static-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/future-reserved-words/yield-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/export.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/export.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/import.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/import.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/new.target-arrow.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/global-code/new.target-arrow.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/part-unicode-10.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-10.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-11.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-11.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-12.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-12.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-13.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-13.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-5.2.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-5.2.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-6.1.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-6.1.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-7.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-7.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-8.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-8.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-9.0.0-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/part-unicode-9.0.0-escaped.js (default)
  Uncaught exception: (Failure "unreachable assert_valid_unicode_in_identifier")
language/identifiers/start-zwj-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/start-zwj-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/start-zwnj-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/start-zwnj-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-break-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-break-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-break-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-break-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-case-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-case-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-case-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-case-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-catch-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-catch-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-catch-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-catch-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-class-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-class-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-class-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-class-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-const-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-const-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-const-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-const-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-continue-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-continue-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-continue-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-continue-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-debugger-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-debugger-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-debugger-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-debugger-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-default-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-default-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-default-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-default-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-delete-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-delete-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-delete-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-delete-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-do-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-do-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-do-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-do-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-else-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-else-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-else-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-else-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-enum-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-enum-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-enum-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-enum-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-export-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-export-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-export-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-export-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-extends-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-extends-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-extends-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-extends-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-false-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-false-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-false-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-false-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-finally-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-finally-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-finally-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-finally-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-for-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-for-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-for-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-for-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-function-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-function-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-function-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-function-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-if-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-if-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-if-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-if-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-import-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-import-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-import-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-import-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-in-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-in-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-in-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-in-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-instanceof-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-instanceof-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-instanceof-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-instanceof-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-new-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-new-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-new-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-new-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-null-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-null-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-null-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-null-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-return-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-return-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-return-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-return-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-super-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-super-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-super-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-super-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-switch-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-switch-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-switch-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-switch-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-this-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-this-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-this-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-this-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-throw-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-throw-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-throw-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-throw-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-true-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-true-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-true-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-true-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-try-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-try-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-try-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-try-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-typeof-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-typeof-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-typeof-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-typeof-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-var-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-var-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-var-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-var-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-void-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-void-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-void-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-void-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-while-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-while-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-while-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-while-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-with-via-escape-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-with-via-escape-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-with-via-escape-hex4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/identifiers/val-with-via-escape-hex4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/import/dup-bound-names.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/import/dup-bound-names.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/import/json-extensibility-array.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (11, 52) to (11, 58)
language/import/json-extensibility-array.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (11, 52) to (11, 58)
language/import/json-extensibility-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (11, 53) to (11, 59)
language/import/json-extensibility-object.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (11, 53) to (11, 59)
language/import/json-idempotency.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (10, 63) to (10, 69)
language/import/json-idempotency.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (10, 63) to (10, 69)
language/import/json-value-array.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (22, 52) to (22, 58)
language/import/json-value-array.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (22, 52) to (22, 58)
language/import/json-value-boolean.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 54) to (18, 60)
language/import/json-value-boolean.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 54) to (18, 60)
language/import/json-value-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 51) to (18, 57)
language/import/json-value-null.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 51) to (18, 57)
language/import/json-value-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 53) to (18, 59)
language/import/json-value-number.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 53) to (18, 59)
language/import/json-value-object.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (23, 53) to (23, 59)
language/import/json-value-object.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (23, 53) to (23, 59)
language/import/json-value-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 53) to (18, 59)
language/import/json-value-string.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (18, 53) to (18, 59)
language/import/json-via-namespace.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (10, 56) to (10, 62)
language/import/json-via-namespace.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (10, 56) to (10, 62)
language/line-terminators/invalid-string-cr.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/line-terminators/invalid-string-cr.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/early-err-dup-flag.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/early-err-dup-flag.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/early-err-pattern.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/early-err-pattern.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-exact.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-exact.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-lower.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-lower.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-range.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-braced-quantifier-range.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-optional-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-optional-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-optional-negative-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-optional-negative-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-range-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-range-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-range-negative-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/invalid-range-negative-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-2-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-2-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-3-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-3-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-3.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-3.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-4-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-4-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-5.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-5.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-without-group-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname-without-group-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-dangling-groupname.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-2-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-2-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-duplicate-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-empty-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-empty-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-empty-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-empty-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-identity-escape-in-capture-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-identity-escape-in-capture-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-2-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-2-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-3-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-3-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-3.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-3.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-5.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-5.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-6.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-6.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-2-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-2-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-3-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-3-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname-without-group-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-incomplete-groupname.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier-4-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier-4-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier-4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier-4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-continue-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-2-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-2-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-3.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-3.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-4-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-4-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-4.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-4.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-5-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-5-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-5.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-5.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-6.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-6.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-7.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-7.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-8-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-8-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-8.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-8.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-9-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-9-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-non-id-start-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-numeric-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-numeric-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-numeric-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-numeric-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-starting-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-starting-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-starting-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-starting-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-within-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-within-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-within-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-punctuator-within-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-unterminated-groupspecifier-u.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-unterminated-groupspecifier-u.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-unterminated-groupspecifier.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/named-groups/invalid-unterminated-groupspecifier.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-class-escape.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-class-escape.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-extended-pattern-char.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-extended-pattern-char.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-identity-escape.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-identity-escape.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-legacy-octal-escape.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-legacy-octal-escape.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-a.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-a.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-ab.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-ab.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-b.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges-no-dash-b.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-non-empty-class-ranges.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-oob-decimal-escape.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-oob-decimal-escape.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-lookahead.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-lookahead.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-negative-lookahead.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-negative-lookahead.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-negative-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-optional-negative-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-lookahead.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-lookahead.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-negative-lookahead.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-negative-lookahead.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-negative-lookbehind.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-invalid-range-negative-lookbehind.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-unicode-esc-bounds.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-unicode-esc-bounds.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-unicode-esc-non-hex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/u-unicode-esc-non-hex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/unicode-escape-nls-err.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/regexp/unicode-escape-nls-err.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/string/legacy-non-octal-escape-sequence-8-strict-explicit-pragma.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/string/legacy-non-octal-escape-sequence-8-strict.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/string/legacy-non-octal-escape-sequence-9-strict-explicit-pragma.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/string/legacy-non-octal-escape-sequence-9-strict.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/literals/string/legacy-non-octal-escape-sequence-strict.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-export-as-star-as.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-export-as-star-as.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-async.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-async.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-dup-top-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-export-global.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-export-global.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-export-unresolvable.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-export-unresolvable.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-as-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-as-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-as-eval.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-as-eval.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-eval.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-import-eval.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-lex-and-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-lex-and-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/early-strict-mode.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/eval-rqstd-once.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `class` at (27, 12) to (27, 17)
language/module-code/eval-rqstd-once.js (default)
  Unexpected token `class` at (27, 12) to (27, 17)
language/module-code/export-default-asyncfunction-declaration-binding-exists.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-asyncfunction-declaration-binding-exists.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-asyncgenerator-declaration-binding-exists.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-asyncgenerator-declaration-binding-exists.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-function-declaration-binding-exists.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-function-declaration-binding-exists.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-generator-declaration-binding-exists.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-default-generator-declaration-binding-exists.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/export-expname-from-binding-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (20, 20) to (20, 23)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-binding-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (20, 20) to (20, 23)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-star-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (17, 12) to (17, 17)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-star-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (17, 12) to (17, 17)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string-binding.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string-binding.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-from-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-import-string-binding.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 12)
language/module-code/export-expname-import-string-binding.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 12)
language/module-code/export-star-as-dflt.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `default` at (21, 12) to (21, 19)
language/module-code/export-star-as-dflt.js (default)
  Unexpected token `default` at (21, 12) to (21, 19)
language/module-code/import-assertion-empty.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (25, 48) to (25, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-empty.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (25, 48) to (25, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-identifiername.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-identifiername.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-string-double.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-string-double.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-string-single.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-key-string-single.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-many.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-many.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-newlines.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (29, 48) to (29, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-newlines.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (29, 48) to (29, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-trlng-comma.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-trlng-comma.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-value-string-double.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-value-string-double.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-value-string-single.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/import-assertion-value-string-single.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (26, 48) to (26, 54)
language/module-code/parse-err-hoist-lex-fun.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/parse-err-hoist-lex-fun.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/parse-err-hoist-lex-gen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/parse-err-hoist-lex-gen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/parse-err-yield.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenable-not-callable.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (14, 16) to (14, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenable-not-callable.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (14, 16) to (14, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenables-that-throw.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (21, 8) to (21, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenables-that-throw.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (21, 8) to (21, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenables.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (18, 23) to (18, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-awaits-thenables.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (18, 23) to (18, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-dynamic-import-rejection.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (51, 6) to (51, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-dynamic-import-rejection.js (default)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (51, 6) to (51, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-dynamic-import-resolution.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the token `;` at (48, 15) to (48, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-dynamic-import-resolution.js (default)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the token `;` at (48, 15) to (48, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (45, 6) to (45, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (45, 6) to (45, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-new-expr-reject.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 8) to (40, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-new-expr-reject.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 8) to (40, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (37, 18) to (37, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (37, 18) to (37, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-reject-throws.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (27, 8) to (27, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-reject-throws.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (27, 8) to (27, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-resolution.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (26, 10) to (26, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-expr-resolution.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (26, 10) to (26, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-void-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `void`, expected the token `;` at (24, 14) to (24, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/await-void-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `void`, expected the token `;` at (24, 14) to (24, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/if-await-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (26, 10) to (26, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/if-await-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (26, 10) to (26, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-async-import-async-resolution-ticks.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (82, 6) to (82, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-async-import-async-resolution-ticks.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (82, 6) to (82, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-import-unwrapped.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (82, 23) to (82, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-import-unwrapped.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (82, 23) to (82, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-self-import-async-resolution-ticks.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (83, 21) to (83, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/module-self-import-async-resolution-ticks.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (83, 21) to (83, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/new-await-parens.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (12, 29) to (12, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/new-await-parens.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (12, 29) to (12, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/new-await.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/top-level-await/new-await.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/top-level-await/no-operand.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/top-level-await/no-operand.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/await-expr-dyn-import.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (37, 8) to (37, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/await-expr-dyn-import.js (default)
  Unexpected token `import`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (37, 8) to (37, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (59, 41) to (59, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (59, 41) to (59, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (65, 40) to (65, 48)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (65, 40) to (65, 48)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (60, 40) to (60, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (60, 40) to (60, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (55, 40) to (55, 45)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (55, 40) to (55, 45)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (56, 40) to (56, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (56, 40) to (56, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (59, 43) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (59, 43) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/block-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (59, 40) to (59, 44)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/catch-parameter.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (42, 26) to (42, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/catch-parameter.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (42, 26) to (42, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (68, 33) to (68, 34)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (68, 33) to (68, 34)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (74, 32) to (74, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (74, 32) to (74, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (69, 32) to (69, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (69, 32) to (69, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 34)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 34)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (64, 32) to (64, 37)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (64, 32) to (64, 37)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (65, 32) to (65, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (65, 32) to (65, 35)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `)` at (68, 35) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `)` at (68, 35) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-class-decl-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (68, 32) to (68, 36)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (64, 22) to (64, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (64, 22) to (64, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (70, 21) to (70, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (70, 21) to (70, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (65, 21) to (65, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (65, 21) to (65, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (61, 21) to (61, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (61, 21) to (61, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (64, 24) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (64, 24) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dflt-assign-expr-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (64, 21) to (64, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (68, 39) to (68, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (68, 39) to (68, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (74, 38) to (74, 46)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (74, 38) to (74, 46)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (69, 38) to (69, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (69, 38) to (69, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 39)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 39)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 40)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (64, 38) to (64, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (64, 38) to (64, 43)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (65, 38) to (65, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (65, 38) to (65, 41)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 39)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 39)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `)` at (68, 41) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `)` at (68, 41) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-dft-class-decl-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (68, 38) to (68, 42)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 22) to (60, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 22) to (60, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (66, 21) to (66, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (66, 21) to (66, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (61, 21) to (61, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (61, 21) to (61, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 23)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (56, 21) to (56, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (56, 21) to (56, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (57, 21) to (57, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (57, 21) to (57, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 22)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-lex-decl-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (60, 21) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (63, 26) to (63, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (63, 26) to (63, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (69, 25) to (69, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (69, 25) to (69, 33)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (64, 25) to (64, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (64, 25) to (64, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (59, 25) to (59, 30)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (59, 25) to (59, 30)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (60, 25) to (60, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (60, 25) to (60, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (63, 28) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (63, 28) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/export-var-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (63, 25) to (63, 29)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (58, 4) to (58, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (58, 4) to (58, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (53, 4) to (53, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (53, 4) to (53, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (48, 4) to (48, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (48, 4) to (48, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (49, 4) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (49, 4) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-template-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-template-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `(` at (52, 4) to (52, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (58, 13) to (58, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (58, 13) to (58, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (64, 12) to (64, 20)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `;` at (64, 12) to (64, 20)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (59, 12) to (59, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `;` at (59, 12) to (59, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (54, 12) to (54, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `;` at (54, 12) to (54, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (55, 12) to (55, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `;` at (55, 12) to (55, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (58, 16) to (58, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (58, 16) to (58, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `;` at (58, 12) to (58, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (66, 23) to (66, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (66, 23) to (66, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (61, 23) to (61, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (61, 23) to (61, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (56, 23) to (56, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (56, 23) to (56, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (57, 23) to (57, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (57, 23) to (57, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 26) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 26) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-in-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 24) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (66, 23) to (66, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `,` at (66, 23) to (66, 31)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (61, 23) to (61, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `,` at (61, 23) to (61, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 25)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (56, 23) to (56, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `,` at (56, 23) to (56, 28)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (57, 23) to (57, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `,` at (57, 23) to (57, 26)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 24)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 26) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (60, 26) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/for-of-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `,` at (60, 23) to (60, 27)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (49, 9) to (49, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (49, 9) to (49, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (55, 8) to (55, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (55, 8) to (55, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (45, 8) to (45, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (45, 8) to (45, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (46, 8) to (46, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (46, 8) to (46, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (49, 11) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (49, 11) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-block-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 8) to (49, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (48, 11) to (48, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (48, 11) to (48, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `)` at (54, 10) to (54, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `)` at (54, 10) to (54, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (49, 10) to (49, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (49, 10) to (49, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `)` at (44, 10) to (44, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `)` at (44, 10) to (44, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `)` at (45, 10) to (45, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `)` at (45, 10) to (45, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `)` at (48, 13) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `)` at (48, 13) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/if-expr-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `)` at (48, 10) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (42, 7) to (42, 8)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (42, 7) to (42, 8)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (48, 6) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (48, 6) to (48, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 8)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 8)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (38, 6) to (38, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (38, 6) to (38, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 6) to (39, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 6) to (39, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (42, 9) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (42, 9) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/top-level-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (42, 6) to (42, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (50, 9) to (50, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (50, 9) to (50, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (56, 8) to (56, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (56, 8) to (56, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (51, 8) to (51, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (51, 8) to (51, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 10)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (46, 8) to (46, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (46, 8) to (46, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (47, 8) to (47, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (47, 8) to (47, 11)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 9)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (50, 11) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (50, 11) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/try-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (50, 8) to (50, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (43, 14) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (43, 14) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 13) to (49, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 13) to (49, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (44, 13) to (44, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (44, 13) to (44, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 13) to (39, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 13) to (39, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 13) to (40, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 13) to (40, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (43, 16) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (43, 16) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/typeof-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 13) to (43, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (43, 12) to (43, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (43, 12) to (43, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 11) to (49, 19)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (49, 11) to (49, 19)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (44, 11) to (44, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (44, 11) to (44, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 13)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 11) to (39, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (39, 11) to (39, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 11) to (40, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (40, 11) to (40, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;` at (43, 14) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;` at (43, 14) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/void-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 11) to (43, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-array-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `]` at (47, 14) to (47, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-array-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `]` at (47, 14) to (47, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-func-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `)` at (53, 13) to (53, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-func-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected token `function`, expected the token `)` at (53, 13) to (53, 21)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-identifier.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (48, 13) to (48, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-identifier.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (48, 13) to (48, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-literal-number.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-literal-number.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-literal-string.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-literal-string.js (default)
  Unexpected string, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 15)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-nested.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `)` at (43, 13) to (43, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-nested.js (default)
  Unexpected token `await`, expected the token `)` at (43, 13) to (43, 18)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-new-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `)` at (44, 13) to (44, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-new-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected token `new`, expected the token `)` at (44, 13) to (44, 16)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-null.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-null.js (default)
  Unexpected token `null`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-obj-literal.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-obj-literal.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-regexp.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `)` at (47, 16) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-regexp.js (default)
  Unexpected token `)` at (47, 16) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/syntax/while-await-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `this`, expected the token `)` at (47, 13) to (47, 17)
language/module-code/top-level-await/top-level-ticks-2.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/top-level-ticks-2.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/top-level-ticks.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/top-level-ticks.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (43, 6) to (43, 7)
language/module-code/top-level-await/void-await-expr.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (31, 11) to (31, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/void-await-expr.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the end of an expression statement (`;`) at (31, 11) to (31, 12)
language/module-code/top-level-await/while-dynamic-evaluation.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (41, 13) to (41, 14)
language/module-code/top-level-await/while-dynamic-evaluation.js (default)
  Unexpected identifier, expected the token `)` at (41, 13) to (41, 14)
language/reserved-words/await-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/await-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-false-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-false-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-null-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-null-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-true-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/ident-reference-true-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-false-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-false-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-null-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-null-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-true-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/reserved-words/label-ident-true-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/early-errors-declaration-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/early-errors-declaration-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/early-errors-declaration-formals-body-duplicate.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/early-errors-declaration-formals-body-duplicate.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-function/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/async-generator/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/block/labeled-continue.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/block/labeled-continue.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/async-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-await-escaped-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-await-escaped-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-await-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-await-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-let-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-let-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-static-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-static-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-yield-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/class-name-ident-yield-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-accessors-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 13) to (40, 14)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-accessors-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 13) to (40, 14)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-fields-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-fields-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-fields-methods-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/cpn-class-decl-fields-methods-computed-property-name-from-await-expression.js (default)
  Unexpected number, expected the token `]` at (40, 9) to (40, 10)
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-NSPL-with-USD.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-NSPL-with-USD.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-await-in-formals-default.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-await-in-formals-default.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-await-in-formals.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/definition/early-errors-class-method-await-in-formals.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method-static/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/async-private-method/await-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/equality-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/equality-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/fields-asi-same-line-2.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/fields-asi-same-line-2.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/gen-private-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/nested-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-arrow-fnc-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/private-typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field-assigned.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `=`, expected an identifier at (25, 9) to (25, 10)
language/statements/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field-assigned.js (default)
  Unexpected token `=`, expected an identifier at (25, 9) to (25, 10)
language/statements/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `;`, expected an identifier at (25, 8) to (25, 9)
language/statements/class/elements/static-as-valid-instance-field.js (default)
  Unexpected token `;`, expected an identifier at (25, 8) to (25, 9)
language/statements/class/elements/static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-comp-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-literal-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-private-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/static-string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/string-literal-name-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-ctor-super-no-heritage.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-ctor-super-no-heritage.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-field-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-privatename-identifier-invalid-zwnj-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-gen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-gen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-meth.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-async-meth.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-gen.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-gen.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-get.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-get.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-set.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-special-meth-ctor-set.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-gen-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-gen-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-async-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-gen-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-gen-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-get-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-get-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-set-meth-prototype.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/syntax/early-errors/grammar-static-set-meth-prototype.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/ternary-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/elements/typeof-init-err-contains-arguments.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method-static/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/gen-method/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method-static/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/method/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-non-static-getter-static-setter-early-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-non-static-getter-static-setter-early-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-non-static-setter-static-getter-early-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-non-static-setter-static-getter-early-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-static-getter-non-static-setter-early-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-static-getter-non-static-setter-early-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-static-setter-non-static-getter-early-error.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/private-static-setter-non-static-getter-early-error.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/static-init-abrupt.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (30, 11) to (30, 12)
language/statements/class/static-init-abrupt.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (30, 11) to (30, 12)
language/statements/class/static-init-arguments-functions.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-arguments-functions.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-arguments-methods.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (23, 9) to (23, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-arguments-methods.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (23, 9) to (23, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-expr-new-target.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-expr-new-target.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-expr-this.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-expr-this.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-close.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-close.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-derived.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-derived.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (18, 9) to (18, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-open.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-lex-open.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-private.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-private.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (20, 9) to (20, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-close.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-close.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-derived.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-derived.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-open.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-scope-var-open.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-sequence.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (26, 9) to (26, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-sequence.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (26, 9) to (26, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-statement-list-optional.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (17, 9) to (17, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-statement-list-optional.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (17, 9) to (17, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-super-property.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/static-init-super-property.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (19, 9) to (19, 10)
language/statements/class/syntax/early-errors/class-definition-evaluation-block-duplicate-binding.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/syntax/early-errors/class-definition-evaluation-block-duplicate-binding.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/syntax/early-errors/class-definition-evaluation-scriptbody-duplicate-binding.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/class/syntax/early-errors/class-definition-evaluation-scriptbody-duplicate-binding.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/const/redeclaration-error-from-within-strict-mode-function-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/const/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/const/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/for-in/head-const-bound-names-dup.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-const-bound-names-dup.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-const-bound-names-in-stmt.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-const-bound-names-in-stmt.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-let-bound-names-dup.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-let-bound-names-dup.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-in/head-lhs-let.js (default)
  Unexpected token `in` at (27, 10) to (27, 12)
language/statements/for-in/identifier-let-allowed-as-lefthandside-expression-not-strict.js (default)
  Unexpected token `in` at (12, 9) to (12, 11)
language/statements/for-of/head-const-bound-names-dup.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-const-bound-names-dup.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-const-bound-names-in-stmt.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-const-bound-names-in-stmt.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-let-bound-names-dup.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-let-bound-names-dup.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-lhs-async-invalid.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for-of/head-lhs-async-invalid.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for/head-let-bound-names-in-stmt.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/for/head-lhs-let.js (default)
  Unexpected token `=`, expected an identifier at (25, 4) to (25, 5)
language/statements/function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/function/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/function/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/function/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/array-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/object-destructuring-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/rest-param-strict-body.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/rest-param-strict-body.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/use-strict-with-non-simple-param.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-binding-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-identifier-reference-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/generators/yield-as-label-identifier-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/continue.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/continue.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/value-await-module-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/value-await-module-escaped.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/value-await-module.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/value-await-module.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/labeled/value-yield-strict-escaped.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/let/redeclaration-error-from-within-strict-mode-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/let/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/let/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/async-generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/class-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/const-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/function-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/generator-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/let-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-var.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-async-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-class.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-const.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-generator.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/switch/syntax/redeclaration/var-name-redeclaration-attempt-with-let.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-duplicates.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-duplicates.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-function.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-function.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-lex.js (strict mode)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/early-catch-lex.js (default)
  Missing parse error
language/statements/try/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/try/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/dstr/ary-ptrn-elem-id-static-init-await-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/dstr/ary-ptrn-elem-id-static-init-await-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/dstr/obj-ptrn-elem-id-static-init-await-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/dstr/obj-ptrn-elem-id-static-init-await-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (strict mode)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)
language/statements/variable/static-init-await-binding-valid.js (default)
  Unexpected token `{`, expected an identifier at (15, 9) to (15, 10)

=== Summary ===
Passed:  83919 (96.98%)
Failed:  2594 (3.00%)
Errored: 18 (0.02%)

Features:
  BigInt: 2717/2727 (99.63%)
  Proxy: 930/934 (99.57%)
  Symbol: 2593/2603 (99.62%)
  arbitrary-module-namespace-names: 20/32 (62.50%)
  arrow-function: 1477/1496 (98.73%)
  async-functions: 1116/1292 (86.38%)
  async-iteration: 9418/9728 (96.81%)
  class: 8981/9241 (97.19%)
  class-fields-private: 1945/2001 (97.20%)
  class-fields-private-in: 16/38 (42.11%)
  class-fields-public: 3954/4098 (96.49%)
  class-methods-private: 3341/3401 (98.24%)
  class-static-block: 54/126 (42.86%)
  class-static-fields-private: 679/687 (98.84%)
  class-static-fields-public: 388/424 (91.51%)
  class-static-methods-private: 2949/3009 (98.01%)
  computed-property-names: 931/961 (96.88%)
  destructuring-assignment: 215/221 (97.29%)
  destructuring-binding: 13135/13137 (99.98%)
  dynamic-import: 997/1128 (88.39%)
  export-star-as-namespace-from-module: 32/38 (84.21%)
  generators: 7828/8030 (97.48%)
  globalThis: 127/145 (87.59%)
  import-assertions: 12/169 (7.10%)
  import.meta: 36/46 (78.26%)
  json-modules: 4/24 (16.67%)
  let: 131/137 (95.62%)
  new.target: 120/122 (98.36%)
  numeric-separator-literal: 316/318 (99.37%)
  object-rest: 706/708 (99.72%)
  optional-chaining: 106/112 (94.64%)
  regexp-dotall: 32/34 (94.12%)
  regexp-match-indices: 26/56 (46.43%)
  regexp-named-groups: 78/200 (39.00%)
  regexp-unicode-property-escapes: 828/1112 (74.46%)
  rest-parameters: 0/192 (0.00%)
  top-level-await: 64/506 (12.65%)
